Observable Trends Based on the Data

	Based on the purchase analysis, female players have a higher average total purchase per person and a higher average purchase price. With that result, it would be beneficial for the company to develop more female or unisex oriented items that would interest female players to purchase more items in the game. Also, even though female players made up only 14 percent of the player population, their average purchase price is higher compared to male players, which shows that they have a higher willingness to pay when it comes to buying items in the game. So even though developing female/unisex oriented items would only serve a small segment of the population, the company could charge a higher price since female players are willing to pay more. 

	Looking at the purchasing analysis by age, most of the players are between the age of 20-24, which also made up to one of the highest average total purchases per person. Most people in that age range usually have other responsibilities such as jobs or college, so it would be especially important to make sure that in-game events are held at later times during the day or on weekends where the majority of the players could participate and not feel left out. 

	Lastly, based on the most popular and most profitable items, it seems like “Final Critic”, “Oathbreaker, Last Hope of the Breaking Storm”, and Fiery Glass Crusader”, are the most successful items for the company. There are a few options that the company could take in order to maximize the profit. The first one is to implement a loot box system on these three items, where players can only obtain the items by buying item packs, in which the probability of getting these three items is low. This would incentivize players to buy even more packs with the hope of obtaining the popular items. The second option would be to increase the value of the item in-game, either by making the item even stronger or adding more customizable features to the items.

	To make one of these two decisions, the company should gather more information on its player base. It is really crucial to know the average lifespan of a player to predict the outcome of the two options. Option 1 would be a better option for the company if they aim for long-term profit. By making the item limited, players will buy more loot boxes towards the end of their journey in order to achieve the best items they can get. Option 2 however, would be more beneficial for the company in the short-term by allowing players to buy the best item in the game instantly. This would decrease the average lifespan of a player, where anyone could reach the “endgame” by buying certain items. When players reach the “endgame”, they would not be motivated to play the game anymore since there are no better things they can get.

